Update 10 (#260)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/botListDescription.md

# $botListDescription
Sets the description of this command, for the BDL command list (if the bot is on [**Bot Designer List**](https://botdesignerlist.com)).

## Syntax
```
$botListDescription[text]
```

## Parameters

> - `text`: The text that description is set to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `text`: The text that the description will be set to.
```
